welcome to Vera meet TV hello and
welcome to the therapy question and
answer session this is our mascot Fred
oh the flying coming on she has a little
bit of a broken arm but she's feeling a
lot better so we are going to answer
portal questions about chain lengths I'm
wearing an oxidized chain that's why it
looks stark but it is silver with a
16-inch tiny camera necklace and that
falls about there I have a really skinny
neck so for people with normal neck
it'll might go right right here below
that little dip in the neck 18 inch
chain is the other necklace here the
starfish which is as you can see a lot
lower then 24 inches is about nipple
area and that's the ship helm necklace
and then this is 30 inch which is quite
a bit lower and this is my necklace this
is the gold brass the puppies duster as
you can see it just looks like gold and
it doesn't really tarnish it's really
pretty so if you want gold and you don't
want the gold plate that comes off the
gold brass is a really good option
please duster amy has the copper that's
the vampire love duster and you can see
it's kind of a reddish color a little
bit like like media not too dark not too
light it depends on your body chemistry
like if it'll oxidize or not some
people's like my skin makes it bright
bright pink
all the necklaces they come with the
gold filled chain which just looks like
regular gold and the gold brass charm
which also looks like regular go so you
can see the chains are all soldered and
you know so it's yeah so it's really
pretty on and it's not going to fall off
of you okay so for those of you have
been asking about the Brussels Griffon
ring and the vampire crown which is
really good just for every day there's
also the howling wolf free as you can
see stands up on the finger that's still
really comfortable and the the puppies
ring which is really cute there they are
person so I hope that answers your guys
a question fred is wearing the vampire
look a necklace which as you can see
what's really cute on person or head
we wanted to show you a couple of the
pieces you've been asking gotten person
a couple of the dusters this is the
badass knuckle duster for girls it can
be layered with the New York Duster or
the spine dustier or even the Duster in
bold which is kind of a cool look